Update direct-routing-enable-users.md (#7447)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-enable-users.md

    ```PowerShell
    Get-CsOnlineUser -Identity "<User name>" | fl RegistrarPool,OnPremLineUriManuallySet,OnPremLineUri,LineUri
    ``` 

>     In case OnPremLineUriManuallySet is set to False and LineUri is populated with a <E.164 phone number>, the phone number was assigned on-premises and syncrhonized to O365. If you want manage the phone number online, clean the parameter using on-premises Skype for Business Management Shell and synchronize to O365, before configuring the phone number using Skype for Business Online PowerShell. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case OnPremLineUriManuallySet is set to False and LineUri is populated with a <E.164 phone number>, the phone number was assigned on-premises and synchronized to Office 365. If you want to manage the phone number online, clean the parameter using on-premises Skype for Business Management Shell and synchronize to Office 365 before configuring the phone number using Skype for Business Online PowerShell. 
```

   OnPremLineURI                        : 
   LineURI                              : 
   ```
 > [!NOTE]

>  > All user's phone attributes must be managed online before you [decomission your on-premises Skype for Business environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/decommission-on-prem-overview). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > All users' phone attributes must be managed online before you [decomission your on-premises Skype for Business environment](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/decommission-on-prem-overview). 
```
